	Our senior design project seeks to help people connect by playing a fun and social mobile game together. The primary use of this app will be in large gatherings of people such as conventions or festivals. Using this app would be an excellent conversation starter and as such, I believe it would be an excellent tool for more socially awkward people. Another use could be for people who enjoy dressing up in super extravagant outfits. This app could be a way to bring attention to aspects of those outfits that the user is particularly proud of and get a conversation started about them. Overall, this app is all about finding ways for people to connect with new people in real life.<br>
	In regards to my collegiate curriculum helping the development of this project, I can only give credit to the basic coding classes as well as the team-based group project classes. This is primarily because I have not taken any classes that are related to mobile development. In terms of specific classes that will be of value, I can think of ENED1100/ENED1120, EECE3093C, and potentially CS3003. The ENED classes were extremely valuable for group work experience on projects with strict deadlines. The software engineering class (EECE3093C) was helpful in that it showed me some of the general coding best practices. Finally, the programming languages class (CS3003) could be useful if one of the languages that we covered in that class are what we ultimately use for our application.<br>
	Because this project involves building a mobile application, I am reminded of my mobile development experience that I had with UTC Retail in the summer of 2019 as a Software Developer Intern. For this experience, I built a web-based point-of-safe (POS) mobile application that interfaced with the main UTC POS system. While the objectives of both of these projects are extremely different, I believe that my experience with the general mobile development lifecycle will be an invaluable resource. Additionally, the professional development website that was used by both London Computer Systems and Medpace called Pluralsight had a couple courses on Mobile Development that I watched throughout the course of my co-ops. These courses allowed me to stay up to date with the new technology that was being released for mobile developers. Finally, all of my professional work experience thus far will be invaluable to my team collaboration efforts.<br>
	Since my last experience with mobile development was in the summer of 2019, I am excited to get to try it out again. Additionally, I had previously only worked on development for an Android device so I am eager to work on an Apple product. In terms of personal motivations, I am a semi-antisocial person who oftentimes has trouble meeting new people. Making an app that I believe will specifically help people who are in a similar situation to me would be quite fulfilling. Part of my learning experience for this project is going to be figuring out when to be done. Given that we have a finite deadline, it will be hard for me to be satisfied enough with the project to be comfortable demoing it but that will be something I have to learn to deal with.<br>
	Because this application has a very basic concept at its core, it will be very easy to determine when we have achieved our established object. However, I am always one to seek perfection and therefore it will be difficult for me to determine when the product is in a finished state. Overall, I think the results should be that we have an application that allows people to connect with each other by seeking one another out. I believe that our preliminary approach will be to figure out how to know when two users are geographically close together using their location services. After that, we need to figure out how to notify the users of the other’s presence. The expected result of achieving these two things should be a functional app that can help people meet.<br>
